Add execution errors from Management canister calls. (#3062)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/execution-errors.mdx

To fix this error, consider using [`ic-wasm`][ic-wasm] to shrink the size of the code section. If the limit is still exceeded, consider splitting the logic across multiple canisters.

### Invalid controller
An action failed because it can only be performed by the controller of the canister.

An example of this error is:
```
  Only the controllers of the canister {} can control it.
  Canister's controllers: xxx-xxx yyy-yyy
  Sender's ID: zzz-zzz
```

> Each canister has a number of [controllers](docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/maintain/control/) and certain actions (e.g. updating the canister's Wasm code) can only be performed by controllers. To fix this error, consider performing the action from a [principal](docs/current/concepts/glossary/#principal) which is already a controller and add more controllers if needed.

Author: I guess all the relative links should have a leading `/`?

```
  Creating a canister requires a fee of 100000000000 that is deducted from the canister's initial balance but only 1000000 cycles were received with the create_canister request.
```

To fix this error, include enough cycles with the request to meet the creation fee.

### Install code not enough cycles
A canister doesn't have enough cycles to execute an install message.

An example of this error is:
```
  Canister installation failed with `Canister xxx-xxx is out of cycles: please top up the canister with at least 10000000000 additional cycles`.
```

To fix this error, consider [topping up][topping-up] the canister with additional cycles.

### Install code rate limited
An install message for the given canister cannot be executed because the canister has been rate limited.

An example of this error is:
```
  Canister xxx-xxx is rate limited because it executed too many instructions in the previous install_code messages. Please retry installation after several minutes.
```

There is a limit on how many instructions a canister can execute for installations in a given time period. To fix this error, consider retrying the installation at a later time.

> ### Subnet out of canister ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subnet out of canister IDs
```

```
  Could not create canister. Subnet has surpassed its canister ID allocation.
```

To fix this error, consider creating the canister on another subnet.

### Invalid settings
A canister was created with invalid settings or there was an attempt to change the canister settings to an invalid value.

An example of this error is:
```
  Could not validate the settings: Invalid settings: 'controllers' length exceeds maximum size allowed of 10.
```

To fix this error, apply the described changes to make the settings valid.

### Maximum number of canisters reached
There was an attempt to create a canister on a subnet which has reached the maximum number of allowed canisters.

An example of this error is:
```
  Subnet yyy-yyy has reached the allowed canister limit of 100000 canisters. Retry creating the canister.
```

To fix this error, consider creating the canister on another subnet.

### Insufficient cycles in compute allocation
The canister does not have enough cycles to increase its compute allocation.

An example of this error is:
```
  Cannot increase compute allocation to 50 due to insufficient cycles. At least 1000000000 additional cycles are required.
```

> Canisters need to pay for [compute allocation][compute-allocation] and there was an attempt to increase the compute allocation of a canister beyond what it can currently pay for. To fix this error, consider [adding the required cycles][topping-up] to the canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canisters need to pay for [compute allocation][compute-allocation] and there was an attempt to increase the compute allocation of a canister beyond what it can currently pay for. To fix this error, consider [topping up][topping-up] to the canister.
```

### Insufficient cycles in memory allocation
The canister does not have enough cycles to increase its memory allocation.

An example of this error is:
```
  Cannot increase memory allocation to 40000000000 due to insufficient cycles. At least 10000000000 additional cycles are required.
```

> Canisters need to pay for [memory allocation][memory-allocation-setting] and there was an attempt to increase the memory allocation of a canister beyond what it can currently pay for. To fix this error, consider [adding the required cycles][topping-up] to the canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canisters need to pay for [memory allocation][memory-allocation-setting] and there was an attempt to increase the memory allocation of a canister beyond what it can currently pay for. To fix this error, consider [topping up][topping-up] to the canister.
```

### Insufficient cycles in memory grow
The canister does not have enough cycles to perform an operation that would increase its memory usage.

An example of this error is:
```
  Canister cannot grow memory by 1000000000 bytes due to insufficient cycles. At least 10000000000 additional cycles are required.
```

> There are many operations that may increase a canister's memory usage (e.g. uploading a chunk, taking a snapshot, performaning an install). This error indicates that some operation on the canister caused it's memory to increase beyond what the canister currently has enough cycles to pay for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many operations that may increase a canister's memory usage (e.g. uploading a chunk, taking a snapshot, performing an install). This error indicates that some operation on the canister caused its memory to increase beyond what the canister currently has enough cycles to pay for.
```

> To fix this error, consider [adding the required cycles][topping-up] to the canister or otherwise reducing the canister's memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, consider [topping up][topping-up] to the canister or otherwise reducing the canister's memory usage.
```

### Reserved cycles limit exceeded in memory allocation

> There was an attempt to increase the canisters memory allocation that would require reserving more cycles than allowed by the canister's reserved cycles limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There was an attempt to increase the canister's memory allocation that would require reserving more cycles than allowed by the canister's reserved cycles limit.
```

An example of this error is:
```
  Cannot increase memory allocation to 50000000000 due to its reserved cycles limit. The current limit (1000000000000) would be exceeded by 301000000.
```

When subnets start to run low on memory, using up more memory requires reserving cycles to pay for the future use of that memory. Canisters have a setting that limits the number of cycles that they will reserve and this error indicates that a canister failed to increase its [memory allocation][memory-allocation-setting] because doing so would cause the number of reserved cycles to exceed that limit.

> To diagnose this error use the [`dfx canister status`][dfx-canister-status] command or the [`canister_status` API][canister-status-api] to check the canister's current reserved cycles limit. The subnet memory usage can also be seen on the [ICP dashboard][dashboard-subnets].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To diagnose this error, use the [`dfx canister status`][dfx-canister-status] command or the [`canister_status` API][canister-status-api] to check the canister's current reserved cycles limit. The subnet memory usage can also be seen on the [ICP dashboard][dashboard-subnets].
```

> To fix this error, consider increasing the canister's reserved cycles limit, or moving to a subnet with lower memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, consider increasing the canister's reserved cycles limit, or moving it to a subnet with lower memory usage.
```

An example of this error is:
```
  Error from Wasm chunk store: Cannot upload chunk. At least 10000000 additional cycles are required.
```

To fix this error, consider [topping up][topping-up] the canister if it doesn't have enough cycles, or using the [`stored_chunks` API](docs/current/references/ic-interface-spec/#ic-stored_chunks) to see which chunks have been uploaded if you get errors about mismatching or missing hashes.

### Canister snapshot not found
A canister snapshot operation was performed with a snapshot ID that doesn't exist.

An example of this error is:
```
  Could not find the snapshot ID 125-xxx-xxx for canister xxx-xxx.
```

To fix this error, consider using the `list_canister_snapshot` API to see which snapshots exist on your canister.

### Canister heap delta rate limited
The canister has been rate limited which prevents it from taking or loading a snapshot.

An example of this error is:
```
  Canister xxx-xxx is heap delta rate limited: current delta debit is 1000005000, but limit is 1000000000.
```

> Canisters are limited by how much they can write within a given time frame. This error indicates that the canister has recently written a large amount of data which means it cannot currently take or load a snapshot because those operations also generate writes to the blockchain state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canisters are limited by how much they can write within a given time frame. This error indicates that the canister has recently written a large amount of data and it cannot currently take or load a snapshot because those operations also generate writes to the blockchain state.
```

There was an attempt to load a canister snapshot on a canister that is in the middle of a long running execution.

An example of this error is:
```
  The canister xxx-xxx is currently executing a long-running message.
```

Snapshots cannot be loaded while a canister is executing a long message. To fix this error, consider waiting a few seconds for the message execution to complete. If the problem persists, it may be because the canister is executing long messages in a loop and a possible fix could be to stop the canister before loading the snapshot.

### Missing upgrade option
There was an upgrade message which was missing some required fields.

An example of this error is:
```
  Missing upgrade option: Enhanced orthogonal persistence requires the `wasm_memory_persistence` upgrade option.
```

To fix this error, try resending the message with the required fields included.

### Invalid upgrade option
There was an upgrade message with an invalid field.

An example of this error is:
```
  Invalid upgrade option: The `wasm_memory_persistence: opt Keep` upgrade option requires that the new canister module supports enhanced orthogonal persistence.
```

> To fix this error, try resending the message with after omitting or modifying the invalid field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, try resending the message after omitting or modifying the invalid field.
```
